Add metamask detection limitations docs (#37)
nufi-official/nufi-dapp-sdk: docs/snap/instructions.md

})
```

#### Known limitations

> The `nufiCoreSdk.isMetamaskInstalled()` can always return `false` on Firefox

Reviewer: I think this wording may be a bit easier to follow

```suggestion
On Firefox, the `nufiCoreSdk.isMetamaskInstalled()` method may always return `false`, regardless of whether Metamask extension is installed or not. This happens
```
